Oh Colleen I'm your server today okay
nice to see you Colleen how are you
being here nine and a half years decades
yeah seriously what was the last thing
we got changing hair oh this is still
the same way the original owners had it
wallpapers been there for 35 years
that's let's go through the menu yeah
let's start off with meatball sandwich
love meatballs who makes them they come
from a company that we order from you're
kidding me
no Kelly make a meatball I can okay
let's get the meatball sandwich and
let's give the chicken this Cabala okay
pizza oh let's go for the Capri colossal
you want the big one yeah why not okay
okay I'll let you put the water in okay
thank you your luck okay what are we
have to make chicken scar pillow
meatball sandwich extra large colosso
what's an extra large jump get me an
extra large dough
[Music]
oh dear it's the sauce down there crap
yeah just disgusting ship everyone tape
on the carpet look at this place what
was last time the place was cleaned not
lately
how long will this stuff me man 20 years
20 is bloody hell Oh like it's snowing
Oh oh my god that's gross no yes
people's very yes Jim two seconds please
what was the last time this place was
cleaned ah have you seen this 99 my
goodness me who's responsible the
cleaning here I haven't responsible I
didn't do it
have you seen the fans I do not like to
clean I hate cleaning to me that's a
four-letter word so I'm about to start
eating I give that a little shake and
all the sudden the dust just runs down
I mean what's my hands before start
eating what a mess what a microwave
these meatballs please okay come with me
cheese sandwich is ready okay meet your
sandwich people sandwich okay and so
they buy the meatballs a defrost them
and then as I mean microwave door yes
thank you
okay what else do we have to make a nice
Carmelo my resting time you bother to
make a meatball that's not a good sign
let me tell you that somebody should
tell you the chickens definitely dead
[Music]
somehow these guys oh my god what in the
hell is that the colossal pizza Wow I
mean it's nice almost laid out the
fridge look at it it's endless
it has a little bit of everything except
for anchovies oh that's dreadful
okay thank you crap and the gunk on top
of it is just idiots you didn't like the
pizza he's not liking anything oops
[Music]
and now we have the chicken scarab hello
oh wow it looks dull that's not right
it smells is that fresh umm do you ask
them how old the chicken is please
well how's nasty
how old is the chicken I don't know when
did we get it I don't know we took it on
the freezer yesterday 18 years old we
took it out of the freezer yesterday
it's frozen it is not fresh cuz we can't
afford to keep fresh meat here all the
time because we don't serve that much if
he wants to donate money so I can make
it fresh no problem but of ice tough
[ __ ] no hoping for lunch but so far what
I've just experienced I should be able
for dinner either he took out the
freezer yesterday and doesn't remember
when the delivery was Jesus excuse me oh
damn excuse me
I didn't think
oh don't say that come on stop crying
[ __ ] grow up you [ __ ]
[ __ ] you Jim Jeff coming I'm really
nervous oh dear dear oh dear oh dear I'm
afraid of what Chef Ramsay has to say it
honestly you see my nice guys but that
was painful the general feel the place
is disgusting I can tell how much you
don't care you just stand there your
foot on the booth can you get your dirty
feet off your own boots have a look at
this every table is littered with stale
disgusting gum we just we never lived
underneath the table didn't have the
time busy for lunch open seven days a
week
not the meatball sandwich disgusting the
chicken was turning and then the
colossal Kate with crab well they can't
mushrooms on top yeah canned olives
soggy and tasteless where's the pride I
don't know come on guys it's like a joke
find a pulse and get real before we open
for dinner tonight
would you mind wiping the lampshade and
can somebody get under the tables and
get rid of that [ __ ] gum yeah I'm going
for lunch I'll see you later
[ __ ] starving capri classic Italian
what a joke
we set our food soft and that our
restaurant is really filthy
[Music]
you
to me that's a four-letter word needle
[Music]